AND NEVER USE THE WORD "TREASON"
ONLY STEVE BANNON HAS USED THAT
WORD.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE FACTS IN THE
PUBLIC DOMAIN, THEY ARE PRETTY
DAMNING.
THERE'S SOMETHING THEY CAN STILL
HOLD OVER THE PRESIDENTS AHEAD.
I CAN SAY WITH CONFIDENCE THAT
THERE IS SIGNIFICANT EVIDENCE OF
COLLUSION BETWEEN THE CAMPAIGN
IN RUSSIA.
>> Sean: IT'S 14 MONTHS, WHAT
IS IT?
HERE WITH THE ANSWER, THE HOST
OF LIVE-IN TV AND THE HOST OF
THE NUMBER ONE SHOW THREE
WEEKENDS IN A ROW, VERY PROUD OF
MY BODY, THE GREAT ONE, MARK LEV
MY BODY, THE GREAT ONE, MARK LEN
MY BODY, THE GREAT ONE, MARK LE.
HOW AM I?
THIS GUY HAS BEEN LYING TO THIS
COUNTRY FOR WELL OVER A YEAR.
MEGHAN McCAIN DESTROYED HIM.
YOUR THOUGHTS?
>> MY THOUGHTS ARE THIS.
MR. SCHIFF IS A SHELF OF THE
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT AND I'M GOING
TO TELL YOU WHY IT IS SCHIFF WHO
IS A PROPAGANDIST FOR THE
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT DESPITE HIS
SPENDING UNRELEASED LEFT WING TV
SHOWS.
HE PUT OUT A LIST OF 30 MORE
INTERVIEWS HE WANTS TO DO.
EVEN THOUGH THE REPUBLICANS ON
THE COMMITTEE SO THERE'S NO
COLLUSION AND HE MENTIONS REINCE
PRIEBUS, STEPHEN MILLER,
MCFARLANE, SEAN SPICER, KELLING
AND CONWAY, A BUNCH OF
CONSULTANTS, PEOPLE WITH THE
TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
A SUMMARY THAT RUNS A GROUP,
CHRISTIAN RIGHT ACTIVISTS.
OF COURSE HE WANTS
DONALD TRUMP JR. TO KICK AROUND.
HE WANTS JARED KUSHNER TO KICK
AROUND.
FAMILY MEMBERS.
ON AND ON AND ON.
LET ME TELL YOU WHO HE DOESN'T
WANT.
LET ME TELL YOU WHO THIS SHELF
OR RUSSIA DOESN'T WANT.
HE DOESN'T WANT HILLARY CLINTON.
HE DIDN'T SAY WE SHOULD SUBPOENA
HILLARY CLINTON EVEN THOUGH THE
HILLARY CLINTON CAMPAIGN THAT
LAUNDERED MONEY TO A LAW FIRM TO
DO WHAT?
TO CORROBORATE WITH THE RUSSIANS
WITH THEIR PHONY DOSSIER.
WHY IS THAT?
SINCE WE KNOW THEY COLLUDED.
I DON'T KNOW IF THAT WAS
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, HE DOESN'T
WANT TO SUBPOENA THEM AND
QUESTION THEM.
WHERE DID THEIR MONEY COME FROM?
THAT MONEY THAT THEY LAUNDERED
THROUGH THAT LAW FIRM TO THE LAW
FIRMS?
THAT'S SOMETHING HE DOESN'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT.
I'VE GOT MORE.
BARACK OBAMA.
HOW COULD IT POSSIBLY BE THAT
THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES UNDER WHOM ALL
THIS OCCURRED, DONALD TRUMP IS A
CANDIDATE, HE IS A VICTIM.
BARACK OBAMA WAS PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES WHEN THE
RUSSIANS WERE INTERFERING WITH
OUR ELECTION.
DON'T THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT
TO HEAR FROM BARACK OBAMA IN AN
OPEN COMMITTEE HEARING WILL
MR. SHELL FOR THE RUSSIANS
DOESN'T.
WHAT ABOUT LORETTA LYNCH AND HER
ROLE AS ATTORNEY GENERAL?
SHE'S NOT ON HIS LIST.
NEITHER ARE OTHER SENIOR JUST
OFFICIALS.
WHAT ABOUT THESE FISA COURT
JUDGES WHO KNOW AS A MATTER OF
FACT THAT THE WARRANT AGAINST
CITIZENS WAS MATERIALLY FALSE
BECAUSE IT OMITTED EVERYTHING I
JUST TOLD YOU ABOUT IN THE
DOSSIER.
HE IS NOT INTERESTED IN URANIUM
ONE, HE DOESN'T MAKE A SINGLE
REQUEST FOR A WITNESS OR
SUBPOENA.
20% OF AMERICANS URANIUM IS NOW
CONTROLLED BY VLADIMIR PUTIN
BECAUSE SCHIFF IS A SHELF OR A
POLLUTANT.
WHAT ELSE DOESN'T HE WANT?
HE DOESN'T WANT TO HEAR
BILL CLINTON TESTIFY WHO GOT
MONEY FROM THE RUSSIANS TO GIVE
SPEECHES AROUND THE SAME TIME.
HE DOESN'T WANT ANYONE FROM THE
CLINTON FOUNDATION TO TESTIFY,
ANY OF THE SENIOR OFFICIALS.
THAT FOUNDATION MADE A FORTUNE
OFF THE RUSSIANS.
WHO ELSE DOESN'T HE WANT TO
TESTIFY?
TO THE BRITISH X5, HE DOESN'T
WANT SUSAN RICE BACK.
WHY DOESN'T HE WANT SUSAN RICE
BACK?
THERE'S A NEW BOOK OUT THAT SAYS
SUSAN RICE OBJECTED TO THE CYBER
SECURITY PERSONNEL AND THE
WHITE HOUSE WHO SAID HE SUSAN,
THE RUSSIANS ARE INTERFERING
WITH OUR ELECTIONS AND SHE TOLD
THEM STAND DOWN.
SHOULDN'T SUSAN GET ANOTHER
INVITATION WITH A SUBPOENA TO
TESTIFY BEFORE THE COMMITTEE?
APPARENTLY NOT BECAUSE
MR. SCHIFF IS A SHELL.
HOW ABOUT BEN RHODES?
DOESN'T MR. SCHIFF WANT TO KNOW
WHAT THE OBAMA NATIONAL SECURITY
COUNCIL KNEW ABOUT RUSSIAN
INTERFERENCE IN OUR GOVERNMENT?
HE DOESN'T MENTION HER AT ALL.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
MR. SCHIFF IS NOT INTERESTED AND
THE ABUSES OF THE FISA
APPLICATION PROCESS.
HE'S NOT INTERESTED IN WHAT THE
COURT DID, HE'S NOT INTERESTED
THAT AMERICAN CITIZENS WERE
SPIED ON AND THEIR NAMES WERE
UNMASKED.
I WILL TELL YOU THIS MR. SCHIFF,
YOU ARE A LEAGUER.
BECAUSE YOU ARE ON THAT
COMMITTEE, IT OUGHT TO BE CALLED
THE HOUSE STUPID COMMITTEE.
YOU'RE THE RANKING DEMOCRAT ON
THE COMMITTEE.
I HAVE A CHALLENGE FOR YOU, WHY
DON'T YOU TAKE A LIE DETECTOR
TEST?
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE A LIE
DETECTOR TEST SO THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE CAN BE SURE THAT YOU, ALL
OVER TV, UBIQUITOUS, YOU MIGHT
AS WELL BE ON AIRPORT RADAR AND
SONOGRAMS.
YOUR EVERYWHERE, SIR.
YOU TELL US YOU DON'T LEAK,
OKAY.
TAKE A LIE DETECTOR TEST BECAUSE
I BELIEVE YOU DO.
COMEY LEAKED, DEPUTY FBI
DIRECTOR McCABE, LEAGUER.
JAMES CLAPPER ACCORDING TO A NEW
BOOK, LEAGUER
THIS HAS BEEN A SHAM FROM DAY
ONE.
WHY WOULD THE RUSSIANS WANT
DONALD TRUMP AS PRESIDENT OF
UNITED STATES?
THEY'VE GOT CRIMEA, PART OF THE